you up with cheeky Rapids now be Brazil
dead you broke my pinkie lovers now we
refuse stamp just see them city slugs
yeah we recruit them we get no black
sheep so we teach but the movement look
at another look
boom what's up everyone mark Loeb under
Tiger fitness.com anyway guys I wanted
to go over some time back to me to ask
for I believe Chris Jones a video on I
haven't had a chance to see it yet Chris
I was out of town trying to keep up with
work but I will be viewing that so um I
was asked you know that I hate Chris
Jones it a video on this can you do a
video on it what drives me what
motivates me to keep going and go to the
gym and keep living the lifestyle I live
and doing what I do and being a
bodybuilder although I don't actively
compete I do guest pose which is you
know part of partly competing I'm just
not getting judged I'm still getting on
stage and shaking my ass watching myself
shaking my ass and showing what what I'm
working with so at the end of the day
yeah I guess I could be considered
somewhat of a competitor someone who
gets on stage and dances around like a
moron but here's what keeps me going
um excellence I really enjoy training
and dieting I just really enjoy it I've
always liked it I like being different
too you know I like the fact that with
your body me think about if you walk
into a job interview and you're let's
say sloppy okay you're not showing any
bit of care and how you upkeep your body
how you take care of your body you take
care of yourself you're not putting any
effort into that who's to say that that
lack of work ethic towards taking care
of yourself will you know will will
basically carry over into work where
you're not able to perform that job
function I mean that's something it's
been shown that people in better shape
do have better success at job interviews
I have read that statistic it's
something that obviously I'm a bit
beyond what would be considered fit
however what I've created for myself is
just um
essentially Who I am
it's part of who I am part of how I look
powder my part of my differentiation I
mean you know when I walk around with my
brother we do get weird looks we're at a
water park the other day I'm literally
two little girls were standing there
holding hands scared and I'm like look
I'm like let's check it out I have my
shirt off right and I'm like do chicken
and I did this and they freaked out I
mean that's just to me it's kind of
funny it's kind of cool but what's weird
to me
is that I'm obviously on the extreme of
physical development
okay people look at me funny however
someone walks around a water park
with a gut hanging down to their knees
covering up their their private parts
nobody looks at them funny you know it's
like it's the norm so what I've done is
I've found the norm like for example I
think my brother and I are very very
good and my brother and I will be
starting August 23rd we'll be doing a
lot of videos together hint hint okay
check it out
we're not good at following the norm for
example in our household my father died
of complications from type 2 diabetes a
lifestyle illness something he brought
on himself my mother was a recreational
drug addict she is a recreational drug
addict what we did very unhealthy people
my brother and I went the opposite of
what they did what Drott what got me
into this industry why I started
training in the first place is the fact
that I watched my father kill himself
with food I watched my mother kill
herself while she's still alive
I watched her harm herself with
recreational drug use with you know bad
things I saw her destroy our family
with that and between the two of those
things my brother and I had a choice we
can either go this way our own way we go
that way you know so that's that's what
I'm pretty much looking at is that we
just didn't want to be the average
people that's what drives me
another thing that drives me is the fact
that I believe that I'm instilling a
work ethic in my kids I'm able to
perform do I have to look like this this
actually probably hinders my performance
a little but my brother and I every
single day last week and we've filmed a
lot of it we didn't film a lot of it
that's the sick part and we did even
more than that we did something active
with the kids D for example yesterday
before I left after we got done training
at 5 a.m. we came home the kids got up
and we ran wind sprints and did some hit
cardio with the kids for me it's a way
to stay active it's a way to get my kids
in shape keep them in shape because it's
been shown that active healthy kids
actually score better on academic tests
so the whole dumb jock thing is
completely
well it's a it's a fallacy so my
motivation right now is one to represent
and promote my company and what better
way to do that for a health and fitness
company than to have muscles too would
be to be able to do things with my kids
to play with them do I need to be this
big to play them no and three I just
like it I really like looking like this
I have no competition plans in my future
you know I think my brother put it the
best you know four years a long way away
am i retired do I plan on ever competing
again no I don't but a lot of things
change like my brother says he can be
selling shirts in Hawaii for all he
knows you know you don't know what's
gonna happen in the future so that's
what drives me what drives me is to
better myself sell set short and long
term goals and reach them and I
appreciate you guys following me as I
reach them but it's all it's all a
mindset you can make time that whole I
can't make time for it I can't make time
there's always a way to make time for it
you just have to do it you just have to
get out there and do it it's just like
business you know if you have an idea
you either you know in the beginning of
my career I had some ideas and I just
one day decided I'm gonna act on them
and sure enough they panned out they
don't always pan out but you're never
gonna know what your potential is unless
you act on it so that's that's pretty
much where I'm coming from here guys I
appreciate everything you do in business
and in life what motivates what drives
you to keep going you have to set those
short and long term goals and you have
to be motivated to reach them and I'm
always asked hey Mark you know how when
your contest prepper your dining how do
you not cheat on your diet you know I've
actually I'm actually dealing with
someone with some eating disorders right
now a couple people actually and I
honestly I have trouble empathizing with
it because I've never had that disease I
really do believe it exists however for
people who aren't stricken with the
disease who aren't stricken with an
eating disorder how do you do it just
don't eat the crap just stay on your
diet it's not rocket science if you feel
like you can't stop stop
the mind is a powerful thing now there
are people who cannot mentally stop and
they need professional help but for the
majority of us we can say no all right
that's it guys I appreciate you watching
Mark Levine or Tiger Fitness com
motivation comes from within
alright I can't motivate you if you
can't motivate yourself
I think Coolio said it best when he said
you can't take me you can't help me if
you can't help yourself you better make
the left don't know what making a left
have to do this but it's part of the
song lyrics Fantastic Voyage because
going on a fantastic voyage of reaching
your goals it's not a game